# Sprite Sheet from Photoshop LayersIntended for Unreal Engine content creators, this script enables the user to import a set of image files into Photoshop and have them automatically arranged into a grid-like sprite sheet. The user is also given the option of automatically resizing and saving the sprite sheet in multiple different sizes/resolutions.Feel free to distribute and mangle this script as you like, but please give credit where it is due.If you find a bug or add any cool new features, drop me a line at [rohanliston.com](http://www.rohanliston.com) or submit a pull request.## InstallationPlace this script in the following directory:* **Windows:** `<PHOTOSHOP_INSTALL_DIRECTORY>\Presets\Scripts`* **Mac:** `~/Applications/Adobe Photoshop CS#/Presets/Scripts`This will make it accessible from the *File->Scripts* menu in Photoshop.## Usage1. Run the script via the *File->Scripts* menu. A prompt will appear asking whether you wish to import a set of source images, or to use the layers in the current document. Select the appropriate option.2. In the next prompt:    1. If you are auto-saving the resultant sheet, enter a name in the top section. This will be used as the prefix for your output files (eg. `T_MySpriteSheet_2048.png`).    2. Enter the number of rows and columns you desire. **This must add up to the number of layers in the document**.    3. If you wish to auto-save, select the image sizes you wish to save, as well as the output file format.    4. Click OK.3. If you chose to auto-save, select the output folder. That's it, you're done!